[reference] Added macro docs (#70)
MystenLabs/move-book: reference/src/functions.md

}
```

### `macro` modifier

> Unlike normal functions, `macro` functions do not exist at runtime. Instead, the function is
> substituted and inlined at each call site during compilation. Leveraging this, `macro` functions
> have additional functionality that is not available to normal functions, namely the ability to
> create higher-order functions with lambda arguments. These lambda arguments allow for parts of the
> function's body to be passed as an argument by the caller. For example, the following is a simple
> loop macro, where the body of the loop is passed as a lambda:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike normal functions, `macro` functions do not exist at runtime. Instead, these functions are
substituted inline at each call site during compilation. These `macro` functions leverage this
compilation process to provide functionality beyond standard functions, such as accepting
higher-order _lambda_-style functions as arguments. These lambda arguments, also expanded
during compilation, allow you to pass parts of the function body to the macro as  arguments.
For instance, consider the following simple loop macro, where the loop body is supplied as a lambda:
```

```move
macro fun ntimes($n: u64, $body: |u64| -> ()) {
    let n = $n;
    let mut i = 0;
    while (i < n) {
        $body(i);
        i = i + 1;
    }
}

fun example() {
    let mut sum = 0;

>     ntimes!(10, |i| sum = sum + i );

Reviewer 2: Do we want to use a different variable name in lambda definition to avoid implying that it has to be somehow the same as what's used in the macro body?
